update: overview and diagrams (#4803)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-overview.md

[//]: # (title: Kotlin/Native)

> Kotlin/Native is a technology for compiling Kotlin code to native binaries which can run without a virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kotlin/Native is a technology for compiling Kotlin code to native binaries that can run without a virtual machine.
```

Reviewer: (suggestion)
might be slightly better with the restricting clause here

Kotlin/Native includes an [LLVM](https://llvm.org/)-based backend for the Kotlin compiler and a native implementation of
the Kotlin standard library.

## Why Kotlin/Native?

Kotlin/Native is primarily designed to allow compilation for platforms on which _virtual machines_ are not desirable or

> possible, such as embedded devices or iOS. It's ideal for situations when a developer needs to produce a self-contained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible, such as embedded devices or iOS. It's ideal for situations when you need to to produce a self-contained
```

Reviewer: (suggestion)
Just thinking if we could also use "you" here instead of developer since we use "you" in a couple of sentences below 🤔

program that doesn't require an additional runtime or a virtual machine.

It's easy to include compiled Kotlin code in existing projects written in C, C++, Swift, Objective-C, and other languages.
You can also use existing native code, static or dynamic C libraries, Swift/Objective-C frameworks, graphical engines,
and anything else directly from Kotlin/Native.

> <a href="native-get-started.md"><img src="native-get-started-button.svg" width="350" alt="Get started with Kotlin/Native" style="block"/></a>

Reviewer: 🤔 how about a bit bigger width here? - or is there a reason for making this smaller?

Author: I think it's too big when using full width, takes up so much space
